Hello Mingyu
The fifth sister came to Fengcheng to find me
Really? That's great.
And I said no.
You have been waiting for him for more than ten years.
Now he's back.
Why did you refuse him?
You know.
Now our Zhao family is in crisis
Outside wolves are still dead
I can't take care of myself
He's just an ordinary guy.
I don't want to drag him down
But you have sacrificed so much for him
Just give up
Are you willing
I had no choice.
You waited for him for so many years
Why am I not
Since you have concerns about this relationship
I, Zhang Ningyu, would like to be a moth to the flame
Brother Wuji
You wait for me, sorry god
I wanted to surprise you.
I didn't expect to embarrass you.
Please stop.
Blame is forgiven
Big face
Can't afford to lose
Dogs are not lost
I've sent everyone out
As soon as you find someone
Can be hacked to death
Let me know when you find someone
What god
You have been closed for many years
That kid is a piece of trash with no background
It's not worth it for you to do it yourself.
Precisely because I have been banned for many years
This time I have to do it myself
Cut that kid to pieces
I'm going to use this to draw a knife
Let everyone know
Today is still the only day in Beihai